it's the final week of deer
hunting season and frontiersmen
Colbert its last chance to get
big game before winter
it's important to clean your
weapon I don't have any gonna
roll with me but I've got pig
fat and pig that's gonna work
just fine since leaving a
domestic life in the suburbs 25
years ago
kolberg depends on himself to
get food and one deer is about
70 pounds of meat before i go
huntin operate the rifle make
sure it mechanically works fine
and make sure the sites are
properly adjusted
I'm out there and I got it dear
insights and it doesn't work I
don't get any meat
the average person out there had
to fight for the food to the
winter down the swamp and go
hungry if they missed
they would get a rude awakening
if they didn't die first
that's about the right size for
a deer herd right there
a lot of my friends tell me when
I get old I'm gonna have to
figure out another plan to find
me a safe place to be in the
city or suburb or somewhere but
there's just no way I can do
that
it's not gonna happen
my idea
is to live the way people did
thousands of years ago
living off the land until I pass
well that's some good hits
here's my dear heart
it looks like it left the animal
it was right there there's a
bullet hole
I'd say that site in